Add release notes for v0.9.10 (#2410)
scalameta/metals: website/blog/2021-01-19-lithium.md

---
author: Tomasz Godzik
title: Metals v0.9.10 - Lithium
authorURL: https://twitter.com/TomekGodzik
authorImageURL: https://github.com/tgodzik.png
---

We're happy to announce the release of Metals v0.9.10, which contains a number

> of fixes and more importantly support for Scala 2.12.13. We skipped announcing
> v0.9.9 release due to a significant bug that showed up after the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of fixes and more importantly support for Scala 2.12.13. We're skipping over
the v0.9.9 release due to a significant bug that showed up after the release.
```
